Audits Bridges (#1204)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/plasma/getting-started.md

### Görli Faucet

In order to make any transactions, you will also need some Ether in the test accounts that you will use while following the tutorial. In case you don’t have any ETH on Görli, you can use the faucet links given here — https://goerli-faucet.slock.it/.

### Polygon Faucet

Throughout this tutorial, we will be using the ERC20 token `TEST` on the Görli network as an example. This is a TEST token. In your DApp, you can replace it with any ERC20 token. To get some Test `TEST` tokens on Polygon Network, you can access the [Polygon Faucet](https://faucet.polygon.technology/).

:::note

To use your own tokens for deposits and withdrawals, you'll have to get the token 'mapped', which essentially means making the contracts on main chain and sidechain 'aware' of your custom token.

:::

### Basic setup for the Metamask Wallet (Optional)

> 1. [Create a wallet](/docs/develop/metamask/hello): If you are new to wallets, then set tup a Metamask Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Create a wallet](/docs/develop/metamask/hello): If you are new to wallets, then set up a Metamask Account.
```

2. [Configure the Polygon testnet](/docs/develop/metamask/config-polygon-on-metamask): To easily visualise the flow of funds on Polygon, it is instructive if you configure the Polygon testnet on Metamask.
   Note that we are using Metamask here solely for visualization purposes. There is no requirement to use Metamask at all for using Polygon.
3. [Create Multiple Accounts](/docs/develop/metamask/multiple-accounts): Before starting with the tutorial, go ahead and have 3 Ethereum test accounts ready.
4. [Configure token on Polygon](/docs/develop/metamask/custom-tokens): In order to view the flow of funds easily on Polygon using Matic.js, you can configure tokens on Metamask.

>    The `TEST` token, taken as an example for this tutorial, can be configured in Metamask so as to easily visualise account balances. Again note this is **optional**. You can very easily query the token balances and other variables using [web3](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/1.0/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `TEST` token, taken as an example for this tutorial, can be configured in Metamask so as to easily visualize account balances. Again note this is **optional**. You can very easily query the token balances and other variables using [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/1.0/)
```
